Now, ERC-721 also provides three events that should be implemented,
so we have three events even approval,
even approval for all,
and then the event of transfer, okay.
So, these are the three functions that events are fired whenever a contract calls them.
They're broadcasted to any listening programs, once they're fired.
Outside programs can listen to the blockchain events,
so that they can execute logic once the event is
fired using the information that the event provides.
So, we have three events here, the transfer event.
Now, this event is fired whenever a token changes hands.
It's broadcasted when a token's ownership moves from one user to another user.
It details which account sent the token,
which account received the token,
and what was the token ID that was transferred.
So, that's a transfer event, and then we have the event approval.
This event is fired whenever a user approved another user to take ownership of a token,
for example, whenever approved function is executed.
It details which account currently owns the token,
which account is allowed to own the token and future,
and also which token or by ID is approved to have ownership transferred.
Then, we have the event approval for all,
this event should be emitted,
when an operator is enabled or disabled by an owner.
Now, this is how it's implemented or were supposed to implement using the interface.
Again, we can always go and write all these functions and events ourselves,
but again, like I said, we use an ERC-20 standard.
We just use OpenZeppelin,
we've already implemented that,
and so let's walk through how we can import this into our contract,
and make our tokens standardized based upon ERC-2721,
if we could just use OpenZeppelins on the contracts.